.\""Copyright (c) 2020 Apple Computer, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
.Dd February 13, 2020
.Dt xrdebug 8
.Os "Mac OS X"
.Sh NAME                  
.Nm xrdebug
.Nd View status of active CoreXR device(s) on system
.\"																				SYNOPSIS 
.Sh SYNOPSIS             
.Nm 
.Op Ar list
.Op Ar info
.Op Ar pair
.Op Ar calibrateReferenceSpace
.Op Ar monitor
.Ar ...
.\"																				DESCRIPTION 
.Sh DESCRIPTION
The 
.Nm
command is used to display the state and properties of all active CoreXR devices connected to a system.
.Pp
A list of commands and their descriptions:
.Bl -tag -width "calibrateReferenceSpace <idx>"
.It Ar list
Lists devices currently attached to system (idx: handle: product/model)
.It Ar info <deviceType> <idx>
Prints in detail the attributes of device indexed based on
.Ar <idx>
.See the
.Ar list
command for valid
.Ar <idx>
values to use.
.Ar <deviceType>
could be any of the
.Ar headset
,
.Ar controller
,
.Ar tracker
,
.Ar trackingSystem
,
.Ar trackingDevice.
.It Ar pair <idx>
Pair the wireless device at index
.Ar <idx>
to the system.
.It Ar calibrateReferenceSpace <idx>
Grouping and calibration of tracking devices in a given tracking system at
.Ar <idx>
index.
.It Ar monitor
Simply logs the activities like new device detection or tracking state change on terminal.
.Sh EXAMPLES
$ 
.Nm
list
.br
List active XR Devices.
.Pp
$
.Nm
info controller 0
.br
Prints info for controller at index 0 in the list.
.Pp
$
.Nm
pair 1
.br
Put wireless device at index 1 in the list to pairing mode, and run this command to pair it with the system.
.\"																				SEE ALSO
.Sh SEE ALSO 
.Xr plist 5
.Xr sudo 8
.Xr launchd 8
.\"																				HISTORY 
.Sh HISTORY
The command line
.Nm
tool first appeared in macOS 11.
